# Purpose
Project Universe is meant to provide digital tools helping with and teaching users everything possible initially focused on achieving and maintaining self-sufficiency via homesteading packaged as a downloadable video game accessible/playable/usable on as many different *(sufficiently powerful)* devices as possible *(this can include, but isn't limited to gaming consoles, handheld gaming devices, mobile phones, laptops, desktops, and TVs.)* Not everything can be taught on all devices, but the basics of homesteading can be taught on most for the sake of helping most people across the globe help themselves.

While it is a "game" the tools provided by the game are meant to be usable outside of the game for the purpose of automating, monitoring, designing, and generally assisting with all possible aspects of homesteading. The game provides infinitely configurable virtual environments called biodomes where we can practice homesteading in whatever conditions we desire; environments can be configured to mimic real-life locations, including available resources, where users actually live *(IE: Shaostoul lives in Washington, USA and could configure the game environment to mimic said location to plan how to build their own real-life homestead. Alternatively the game environment could be configured to mimic living on Earth's moon or Mars preparing real-life colonists for life off Earth!)

# Setting
The game is set in humanity's future following our first fleet of interstellar colony spacecraft on a mission to explore and colonize our galaxy. Players are ordinary crew members in charge of providing a life for themselves contained within their own biodome located somewhere within their homeship. Homeships are large spacecraft designed to indefinitely survive in the space between stars where resources are incredibly scarce. *Assuming the fleet is traveling at light speed the nearest star [Alpha Centauri](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alpha_Centauri) is roughly a 4 year trip from Earth, so we must make the most of what little resources and space we do have.*

By developing a "homesteads in interstellar space" game we pseudo-justifiably have to design the most efficient closed loop self-sustaining homesteads possible. The added benefit of this is we're simultaneously designing incredible homesteads able to be built here on Earth. While there are different rules that need to be followed for designing real-life homesteads in space (such as zero gravity), we're developing a game, so the homesteads we do design don't technically have to follow real-life reality's rules. We want to help people on Ea  rth first, because there are deadly food shortages affecting millions across the globe. We can't give everyone the money and other resources they need to end their poverty, but we can develop tools they can use to help themselves.